here are this week's top movies I got a
big secret I was the star witness
against the mob in just getting started
friendly rivals team up to stop a
murderous threats early everyone has
their own truth the true story of an
abuse survivor who becomes a top-level
ice skater before falling from grace is
told in AI Tonya she's someone coming in
or out of the lab in 1962 two women
discover a shocking secret experiment at
a government laboratory in the shape of
water he's coming to see what's hot in
theaters with this week's fantasy
patient
[Music]
so what's your weekend ticket going to
be let us know by commenting see you
next time on weekend ticket
[Music]